2 aspects:

1) data
Any sample created using the production system. We will have to generate a 
bhabha sample though. The reason behind is that the lumi spectrum included is 
provided by GP. To generate the Bhabha events we will use BHWide.
The sample generated will be simulated and reconstructed fully (adding bkg)
This sample is unique, as this would be what is given by the detector.

2) MC Samples.
Generated with our tool, using a parametrisation based on a 'best guess'. 
Limi file is given by our tool, passed to BHWide to get the Bhabha events,
they are simulated and reconstructed.



Fit Procedure:
2 possibilities:
1) dumb but easy way
1.1) generate a spectrum with a parametrisation A, and the corresponding 
reco sample (implies full sim and reco)
1.2) Does the fully reco sample with B match the data sample ? If yes, exit, 
else 1.3
1.3) generate a spectrum with a parametrisation B, and...
1.4) Does the full reco sample with B match the data sample? if yes, exit, 
else 1.5
1.5) start again and again until the sample N matches the sample from the
data.

--> implies: full sim and reco N times until there is a match. Minimizers
like Minuit provides the environment to run such a thing of course,
but one can imagine that in terms of CPU this is impossible.

So we go to the 'Smart but less trivial' procedure.
2) One need o realize what the difference between a sample N and M are: 
simply a difference of weight per event. Plus one needs to understand 
what the lumi spread effect is: transform energy E1 to E1'. Lumi spread is also 
a probability for an events with E1 and E2 to occur.

2.1) Generate a sample A (and full sim/reco) with param A (set A is a 'best guess')
2.2) Ask the minimizer to change set A into set B and generate a lumi tranformation
event by event. The important thing is that the base Energies used must be the same)
2.3) compare the corresponding probabilities (e.g. ratio of lumi A / lumi B)
This gives events by event weights
2.4) apply the weight to set A sample (weigting the fully reco samples), and compare
with the data sample.
2.5) if match exist, else 2.6
2.6) change A into C and redo.

Huge advantage: one does not need to fully reco the samples. Only once.